About you’re looking for: 

BA/BS degree in a science or business-related field, or equivalent related education and experience, plus moderate experience in a data analysis function, or equivalent education and experience with some data analysis experience preferred.
I am a biotechnologist, I have been studying and developing as a data analyst for more than two years.I have taken different courses such as data analysis, business analysis, data engineering and data science.

Experience in the Contract Research Organization (CRO) or pharmaceutical industry preferred, or comparable experience 
I work in a biotechnology company, I have also taken a monitor course at Phase SMO, so I have an understanding of CROs.

Expert in Power BI development, Data Engineering and experience in deploying AI is a plus. Experience with data cleansing, formatting and evaluating data integrity to facilitate deep analysis, market data and /or business intelligence information preferred.
Being in an SME, in addition to working as a data/business analyst, I also act as a data engineer. I mainly use Power Bi, Python, Excel.

Predictive modelling and data model experience preferred.
I am taking a data science course and I am thinking about later doing a master's degree.

Possesses a strong understanding of data organization / structure. Proficient computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite, Excel, Salesforce, Power BI, Azure, web-based systems, voicemail, Email and Internet are necessary. 
One of my functions is to be in charge of coordinating all IT needs with a company that outsources IT services. In addition to as I mentioned before, I fulfill the role of data engineer. From the list they mention, what I have no experience in is Salesforce since the company uses Tango Gestion as ERP and Goldimine as CRM, nor in Azure although I have some experience in AWS.

Proficient Business Intelligence skills in visualization tools, including Tableau, Business Objects, Qlikview, (Power BI preferred). 
I mainly use Power Bi since it is the one I use at work and the one I have the greatest preference for. I have also used Tableau and Looker.

Excellent oral and written communication skills, attention to detail, analytical ability and demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential. 
Ability to organize, prioritize, meet deadlines, follow-up, and coordinated multiple assignments simultaneously.
Flexibility and the ability to handle multiple tasks to meet deadlines while delivering high quality work in a dynamic, team-oriented environment are essential.
Working in an SME, I have fulfilled different roles from different sectors. For example, being in charge of logistics, stock, purchases. I fulfilled many of these roles at the same time, so I have developed all these soft skills. I can give everyone an example if they need it during the interview.